This document is OUTDATED. Please, refer to the bug tracker for a more
comprehensive list of bugs and to suggest features.

http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=183831


==== OUTDATED SECTION ====

KNOWN BUGS AND MISSING FEATURES

1. Fit to window doesn't work reliably. To reproduce... Fit to findow
for a couple of tonemapped LDRs. Tonemap another LDR which will be
opened in a maximized child window. Press W to fit this one to window.
Unmaximize the window. Try W on all LDRs windows and see what will
happen.

2. Calculated resulted size of a saved LDR image is human unreadable.
Please change it to KB or MB instead

3. No color management. At least color corrected output to display 
using user defined ICC profile for display. Users might also want to 
define working space profile (useful for those using Levels tool) and 
target image profile (AdobeRGB would be preferred for its wider gamut, 
and as a working space profile definitely too). I don't really know in 
what color space LDRs are available, but in case Giuseppe decides to go 
for GEGL, it could be 32 bpc float RGBA.

4. The Drago paper says: "The area of the sampled region and Gaussian
kernel default to 15% of the scene area but can be adjusted
interactively." Should we suggest a slider for this?

5. Levels tool needs a Preview checkbox (like in GIMP), and do we
realy need to mention Gamma in the caption?

6. Should Thread Manager be part of the sidebar? And again, just how
much useful is it to display finished threads and then be able to
ditch them? I'd say, not useful at all. It's stopping an ongoing
activity that really matters.

7. Should we rename Apply to Process in the TM panel?

8. Tonemap Selection checkbox shows tooltip from pregamma.

9. Preview button to the right from that checkbox doesn't do anything.

10. For images process with Mantiuk'06 tooltip is wrong. When contrast
equalization is enabled, it says "PreGamma=1 ~ Mantiuk06" ~ Contrast
Equalization=0.1 ~ Saturation=1 ~ Detail=1". And when it's disabled,
the tooltip says: "PreGamma=1 ~ Mantiuk06" ~ Contrast=0.1 ~
Saturation=1 ~ Detail=1". Is there some concatenation bug? I didn't
check other TN operators, maybe I should have :)

11. For batch processing we do not provide means to set quality when
saving to JPEG.

12. Using TM settings as suggested file name when saving LDR was never
brought back.

13. Cropping in the main window is b0rken. The newly created "Cropped
Frame" window contains absolutely nothing. BTW, shouldn't it rather be
named "Cropped %s" where %s is original filename?

14. Windows menu in the main window lists image windows, but the one
on TM dialog doesn't.

15. Ah, capitalization! 'Copy Exif data' has all sorts of it. Needs fixing.

16. We use a dot where it really is not required: in the end of
tooltips and even in button captions ("Done." in Copy Exif).

17. As suggested earlier to Franco, Hdr Tiff and Hdr Visualization
tabs in Preferences dialog have to be merged into one HDR tab, and
Language tab should not say "User Interface" on top when opened.

18. It is already possible, but probably not very well advertised. See
--bit-depth parameter of pfsoutimgmagick.

19. If you set a custom LDR size, LuminanceHDR suddenly processes a fullsize 
picture.

20. After saving EXR or HDR an attempt to close this HDR image results
in a confirmation for some unsaved changes to be lost.
